h1. rah_replace

"Packagist":https://packagist.org/packages/rah/rah_replace | "Issues":https://github.com/gocom/rah_replace/issues | "Donate":https://rahforum.biz/donate/rah_replace

A tiny "Textpattern":https://www.textpattern.com plugin that returns contained content with all searched occurrences replaced with given replacements. This works in the same manner as PHP's "str_replace":https://secure.php.net/manual/en/function.str-replace.php function, but with a safe and clean Textpattern template language tag.

h2. Basics

The plugin, rah_replace, introduces a new container tag to Textpattern's arsenal. The tag returns wrapped content with all found occurrences replaced with given replacements. A tag supports multiple searched occurrences and replacements.

bc. <txp:rah_replace from="value1, value2, ..." to="value1, value2, ...">
    Searched content
</txp:rah_replace>

h2. Install

Using "Composer":https://getcomposer.org:

bc. $ composer require rah/rah_replace

h2. Attributes

bc. <txp:rah_replace>
    ...contained statement...
</txp:rah_replace>

The tag is a container and attributes for it follow.

*from*
Strings that will be searched and replaced with @to@ attribute's values. Separate multiple values with a comma (or @delimiter@ if changed).
Default: @from=""@ Example: @"dog,cat,house"@

*to*
Replacements that will be used to replace @from@ attribute's values. Comma (or @delimiter@) separated if multiple.
Default: @to=""@ Example: @"ship,home,hat"@

*delimiter*
Sets the delimiter used in @from@ and @to@ to separate multiple values. Default is a comma.
Default: @delimiter=","@ Example: @"|"@

h2. Examples

h3. Replaces a _dog_ with a _cat_

bc. <txp:rah_replace from="dog" to="cat">
    My favorite animal is a dog.
</txp:rah_replace>

Returns: @My favorite animal is a cat.@

h3. Replace multiple needles with different replacements

bc. <txp:rah_replace from="house,dog,Mike" to="boat,friend,wife">
    I live in a house with my dog and Mike.
</txp:rah_replace>

Returns: @I live in a boat with my friend and wife.@

h3. Replace multiple needles with a one replacement

bc. <txp:rah_replace from="Mike,dad" to="I">
    I remember when dad and Mike did go to fishing.
</txp:rah_replace>

Returns: @I remember when I and I did go to fishing.@

h3. Using a different delimiter

p. By default any comma is treated as a delimiter and can not be used as actual value. To use a comma (@,@) as a needle or a replacement, you would have to change the delimiter to something else. Like for instance to a vertical bar:

bc. <txp:rah_replace from=".|," to="!" delimiter="|">
    A, B, C.
</txp:rah_replace>

Returns: @A! B! C!@

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.5.0 - upcoming

* Register the tag.
* Now requires Textpattern 4.6.0 or newer.

h3. Version 0.4.2 - 2013/05/07

* The Composer package uses "textpattern/installer":https://packagist.org/packages/textpattern/installer and "textpattern/lock":https://packagist.org/packages/textpattern/installer.

h3. Version 0.4.1 - 2013/04/25

* Minor clean up.
* Released as a "Composer package":https://packagist.org/packages/rah/rah_replace.

h3. Version 0.4 - 2012/07/12

* Performance optimization.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2011/04/22

* Performance optimization.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2009/04/16

* Added a new attribute: @delimiter@.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2009/04/16

* Initial release.
